I had decades of experience in marine corps in the navy and industry and
academia leadership has always been their primary topic of discussion
and all those fields and there's always a lack of leadership is
to cried and the presence of leadership leads to success so the question
is what constitutes good leadership and that's almost impossible
to answer the one inside I have had to use people are frequently
the worst leaders when they try to emulate someone else's leadership
style if you are a hard charger in the person who enjoys confrontation
and forcing people to do their job that's one leadership style but
if you're an easy going person who is Morrie leader who facilitates
the people under him getting the job done and tries to motivate him
to want to do it on their own that's a different kind leader if you
look back at World War two and you know a thing about military history
Omar Bradley and George Patton were two completely different leaders
and they couldn't of been a leader in the morals of the other
with because they just were not set up to do that yet they were wonderful
leaders in their own right so find your own style while the people
under you take care of the people who were in charge of you and
you can't go far wrong